Besides Stanford and CMU, which graduate schools have a prestigious machine learning program?I am pre-med, should I transfer from UM-Dearborn to UM-Ann Arbor as an undergrad?Why do people seem to hate their PhD?Why do graduate students allow themselves to be exploited like cheap labor?Has anyone ever regretted getting a PhD?What are the main differences between a Masters and a PhD in computer science?What are some of the best letters of recommendation for undergrad admission ever?How would you react as a supervisor if your PhD student buys an expensive, say, smartphone out of his scholarship money for his personal use?Who wrote their PhD thesis in the shortest amount of time?What does it feel like to be an unemployed PhD?Is it true that there is no cost to pursuing a PhD?If I want to be a criminal profiler for the FBI should I pursue a masters degree or Ph.D. in something like forensic psychology?Why do some PhD holders feel non-confident despite receiving their PhD?What does it feel like to be just average in grad school while you were top 5 in undergrad?Is my relationship with my PhD advisor getting too personal?How does a professor choose their prospective PhD students?Is it okay to email your PhD advisor on weekends?What do professors actually care about in selecting research students?How do I kick my PhD adviser from my papers' author list?How does a graduate student successfully manage their schedule / research work?My recommender from work can't include any work related projects that I worked on due to company policy. Will it affect my application adversely?Is it worth doing a Phd at the age of 37, what are the opportunities after obtaining a phd at that age?What are the job prospects for an engineer with a PhD?How important is it for tenured professors to treat their graduate students well?I got a job offer from Google, Facebook, and Microsoft and I also got accepted into the PhD in Computer Science program at MIT, Stanford, and Berkeley. What factors should I consider while making a choice between the two?Why are PhD's so often on such non practical subjects?Computer Science Education: Which is more impressive in Silicon Valley, a Harvard CS grad or a CMU CS grad?How did earning a PhD change you?Is the world producing more PhDs than it needs?What kind of jobs might international students who completed their PhD programs in a STEM field can apply for in the US?I'm 24 and doing MCA in India. I want to do PhD in CS from abroad. How should I prepare myself and build my resume?Why do graduate students allow themselves to be exploited like cheap labor?I have a PhD offer from CMU in Machine Learning, and currently work as a Data Scientist in the Bay Area. What should I do?Is every one capable of doing a PhDWhy do so many graduate students quit their doctoral studies? Why do doctoral studies take a toll on physical and mental health?Do grad school students remember everything they were taught in college all the time?Is it reasonable to request your PhD adviser to review your code (small script)?How can I, an international PhD student, overcome depression? I absolutely have no friends here and got a culture shock as someone coming from south Asia . P.S- Initially I wrote midwest by mistake. I meant middle asia.Is it okay for a grad student to swear in front of their PhD adviser?Is a data science certificate enough for a Ph. D. in computer science?How many PhD students have a mediocre GPA but a stellar publication record?Germany: What is the difference between "Ph.D. in industry in collaboration with German university" & "Ph.D. from university" in engineering field?What do people with low research experience write in their statement of purpose?How many PhD students manage to have one journal publication every year?What is it like to do MS in TU Delft?What are some good ways to respond to "Oh! You must be really smart!" when you tell someone that you are doing a PhD in math?Given that most academic research is useless, how does one choose a good graduate supervisor?How is a graduate level physics class different from an undergraduate class?How do I politely ask my PhD advisor to review my work (thesis chapters/papers) in a timely manner?How would you react to an older person (60+) pursuing a Ph.D?What do grad students in math do all day?Is it ok to ask a professor of an attended course a letter of recommendation even if he/she does not know me?How can I get a PhD position?What advice would you give to PhD students starting their PhD in machine learning?Is it wise to pursue an MS in the USA after Trump's win?Why are there so few graduates from the National University of Singapore studying PhDs at the top universities in the USA?If European PhDs are shorter than American PhDs, does this affect the quality of the eventual PhD?What are the best Ph.D specializations in Computer Science for someone with weak background in programming?What is the best way to manage reading the new research articles?How do some PhD students have more than 15 publication with quite a few quality ones?Is a data science certificate enough for a Ph. D. in computer science?How selective is Princeton's graduate program in computer science?How would a professor feel when a PhD student wants to transfer to another University?What is it like to work at Google and not have a PhD?How does a prospective PhD student find out who the eminent professors are in a particular field of research?How can I avoid student loans when pursuing my Ph. D?I have a BS in Public Health but need an MS in Computer Science. Is that possible?How does it feel to be a less talented PhD student?My advisor is much better than me in every way, and it makes me feel insecure. Is this normal?As a professor, what are the characteristics you value most in your students (master's/PhD)?How do I write the first email to a professor that may accept me as his graduate student?Is it wise to pursue an MS in the USA after Trump's win?What defines a good PhD student (from an advisor's perspective)?If a faculty member's salary is low, why are there still many PhD students who want to stay in academia?What happens if a grad student tells their adviser that their project is going to fail?Is it possible to finish PhD at an Ivy league Electrical Engineering school within three years only?What can I do pursue a Ph.D. at Berkeley?Why did you choose to be a PhD student?What US medical schools accept foreign credits?Why are NUS and NTU ranked so highly by private agencies when their PhD students hardly present their research work at top conferences in the USA?Which are US universities to apply with 2.5 AWA and 305 and 2y workexp for CS?Why shouldn't someone pursue a PhD?Can an engineering student achieve the expertise of a PhD without actually becoming a PhD student?How hard is it to get into a PhD program, and what can you do to guarantee your acceptance?Is it too late to start a PhD at 34?What are my chances of admission to TUM's MSc in Informatik?How risky is it to work under an Assistant Professor for a Ph.D. in USA? What happens to you if he/she is denied tenure?What job fits a Philosophy Of Science Masters graduate specialized in modeling and simulation analysis and computational epistemology?Who are some notable examples of PhDs who have used their advanced technical skills to do evil?Should I explain the low grades in my statement of purpose?Why would a professor want a Ph.D student instead of a research staff?How do I study effectively as a PhD student?Is an MS degree in the US worth all of the expense?Do PhD students procrastinate (e.g. spending hours on stupid things on the internet)? Are they sometimes totally unproductive?How much does an MBA degree from INSEAD (all three campuses) cost on an average?Why is there relatively little due diligence on both sides (student and university/advisor) of PhD admissions considering the high stakes?Is it possible to do research (not particularly PhD) without any supervisor?How does a Professor evaluate the PhD thesis?What are the bitter truths of going to the US to pursue an MS as an Indian?For a beginning PhD student, what is the best predictor of whether or not that student will continue in academia beyond the PhD?Is Stanford or Harvard better for premed and why?For professors, what does it feel like to have your PhD student graduate?How do I say to my PhD adviser that I will miss him without looking unprofessional? He was so great!How do medical students not get disgusted?What are some tips for being a good PhD advisor?I do not find the idea of partying fun, instead of which I like to stay home and learn something new, am I missing out on life?How did you overcome the depression of your failed PhD?I am completing my undergrad in philosophy and Linguistics. What should I do for grad school?Graduate school and admissions: is Harvard GSE or Stanford GSE better than the UW-Madison School of Education?What is it like to do a PhD in experimental physics?How do I get into Harvard business school for MBA?What are some common mistakes PhD students make in graduate school?Do statistics professors and PhD holders know all statistical techniques and apply them?How good is the MS CS program in Northwestern University?What are some of the easiest subjects to get a PhD in?If Hillary Clinton has a doctorate, why don't we call her Doctor?A PhD program is typically 5 years. How much learning and work could you get done if you took 5 years off without the duties of a PhD?Will Europe still be a good place for a PhD for international students if majority of the country turns Right?What is the studying strategy of medical students?I got a job offer from Google, Facebook, and Microsoft and I also got accepted into the PhD in Computer Science program at MIT, Stanford, and Berkeley. What€factors should I consider while making a choice between the two?What is it like to have a PhD student who acts on each and every suggestion you make?During the Harvard undergraduate interview, what does it mean when an alum says they will write a good letter of recommendation for the student?Is a PhD in mathematics worth doing if you're not planning to be a professor?Can getting a PhD ever be easy?What's best PhD for the money?How do PhD admission committees determine if an applicant has the potential to complete a doctorate?Is there a success or performance gap between Ph.D. students who go directly from their undergrad vs. those who take a few years to work in the field?What are the typical problems of dating a PhD student when you aren't in graduate school?Do most grad students have what it takes to become a professor? Why or why not?What are my chances for top universities?Is a PhD in CS systems easier than CS theory?Why should I pursue a masters degree?Has there been any instance of a PhD advisor doing all he/she can to break the career of his graduate student?For those with a PhD, what are the differences between working in academia and government?Why does Google hire people who have a PhD in computer science but can barely write any code?What does it feel like to get in a fight with your PhD adviser?Can one get accepted into a physics grad program at Stanford/Princeton/MIT just on the basis of a top GRE physics score, but without a bachelor's degree in physics and no previous undergraduate research experience in physics?What are some common mistakes PhD students make in graduate school?Is a PhD losing its value?What is a good MS Computer Science program?Is the grad program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard easier than the undergrad program at Harvard?Does James Franco really have four master's degrees and two PhD's?Is it awkward for a PhD student to work as security guard in the building where his colleagues are doing research?How long does it take to complete one module in the Open University?How bad are grammatical errors in letter of recommendation for graduate admission?PhD students: How do you keep your notes while reading scientific papers?How does becoming a doctor work in your country?Why are PhD's so often on such non practical subjects?Is a PhD degree needed to pursue a career in Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence?What is it like to be a student of Berkeley's online data science master's program?What should I do if my advisor wants to see my shitty code?What are the chances of a 31/32 year old being accepted into a medical school?Do PhD committees usually give the PhD student a pass if he shows marked improvement taking his comprehensive exam in the second attempt?Which GRE score looks more impressive: 170Q/157V or 167Q/160V?What is the best undergrad major to prepare for an MBA down the road?Why is there relatively little due diligence on both sides (student and university/advisor) of PhD admissions considering the high stakes?How many hours does a PhD student usually work every week?What is the admission acceptance rate at INSEAD?Is there any difference between Masters in Computer Science (UIUC) and Professional Master of Computer Science(MCS) in UIUC regarding job placement?What should one know before pursuing a PhD?Is it difficult to get into DeepMind/FAIR/OpenAI without a PhD from a top 10 university?What are some of the best letters of recommendation for undergrad admission ever?Do grad school students remember everything they were taught in college all the time?What happens if you get a PhD from a low ranking school?How does Duke University compare to the top schools in the nation, such as the Ivy Leagues?How many potential advisors should I mention in my STEM graduate school SOP?How do universities check for authenticity of reco letters?What is the average age of the students starting an MS in Stanford's MS&E program?I am 2 years into my PhD program but my advisor is never around, I barely see him for 30 minutes every 1 or 2 months, should I choose a new advisor?For finding job in USA after studying there as international, which is better:MS in Data Science (Data Analytics,etc) or in Computer Science? Why So?Can my grad school resume be longer than a page?How difficult it is for a PhD in Engineering from a top Australian university to get a post-doc position in a top American university?What is the best way to manage reading the new research articles?As a PhD student, is it extraneous to add my extracurricular achievements to my academic CV?What is the best major for someone who wants to pursue a PhD in machine learning?Should I get a PhD in machine learning if I want to learn more?I want to pursue a PhD in machine learning. What's the best masters degree to prepare if I have a background in pure mathematics?What should I know before starting a science PhD?When hiring new faculty members, does the candidate with the longer CV and publication list always win out?Should I hate my Ph.D. adviser?How acceptable would it be to allow a student to receive a PhD if part of their research was unsuccessful?Which university has the best masters in computer science?Why isn't it possible to finish a PhD in less than three years?How do PHD students feel when their research doesn't have the impact they were expecting?How good is Northeastern University for MS in CS in terms of internships and job opportunities for international students?I have GRE score of 317 and undergrad percentage of 77% with decent projects. Which all universities should I apply for MS in US in VLSI design?What should PhD students do to offset the risks of potential unemployment?What are the common mistakes PhD students make when answering critical questions in their PhD defense session?What pre-Med subjects are actually useful in Med school?What is the best PhD or Masters thesis you've ever read?Can a dead ended research be a PhD dissertation?How hard is it to get accepted into UC Irvine for graduate studies?What is your advice for a starting tenure-track assistant professor?I am pursuing master¡¯s degree related to UX/UI. What programming should I learn?What is the life of a grad student working in pure or applied math like?Who wrote their PhD thesis in the shortest amount of time?What are chances of being admitted to Cornell University's master's program in computer science with a GRE score of 315 and a good GPA, but no research experience?Must grad students get at least one publication every academic year in order to have any chance of getting a faculty position after graduation?What are some universities that offer PhD in computational neuroscience in the United States?How does the "statement of purpose" of accepted applicants for a MS in top US universities look like?Should I get a PhD in CV/robotics/AI from CMU, Stanford, or U Wash?How many hours a week are graduate students typically expected to work?If a PhD student has a more second-author papers than first-author papers, will the former be considered to be on par with the latter?Is MS in Canada a better option than in the U.S.?How does getting a Master's Degree feel?How much would being a co-author on a published paper in the field of molecular biology assist a student applying to chemistry/geoscience PhD programs?Can I apply to grad school without intention to study anytime soon?How does it feel to be a less talented PhD student?Can I apply to CS Ph.D program at Brown (Computer Networks, Privacy, ML background) with my GPA?What could be a good way to start a statement of purpose for a CS graduate university?In today's market is it worth to pursue a PhD in computer science?How well respected is the physical sciences branch of the University of Manchester on the world stage?Does it matter if I do engineering or physics if I plan on doing a PhD anyway?How to answer ¡°How did you get interested in your field?¡± without making it cringe or cliched?How is Georgia Tech online MS in computer Science? Is it possible to complete the online MS along with you work? How many hours per day are req?Who wrote their PhD thesis in the shortest amount of time?What are common stages that PhD student researchers go through with their thesis project?As an American why should I bother to major in computer science If there are so many coders from India and people with PhD's in CS in America?Are many PhD advisors narcissists?Can I send the same SOP to all the colleges I am applying?What are computer science PhD students working on?What is it like to be a PhD student in NYC?What does a recommendation letter look like?Is it really worth attending an Ivy League school if you have to pay full tuition?Should the tenure system be abolished?Considering the current scenario, what are safe universities in US for MS in Computer Science for the profile: 305 GRE /92 Toefl/3.5 AWA/B.E 66% with 1 back log in Microprocessors Lab, 1 internship and with 6 months work experience?Should I let my PhD supervisor use my drawings without giving credit?How is a day of a UMass, Amherst CS grad student?How did you achieve a graduate degree after coming home from the Peace Corps?Is masters in computer science worth it?Which university is better, the RIT for an MS in software engineering or the IIT Chicago for an MS in computer science?Will MS in Information Systems degree be valuable at the end of 2020?What are the benefits of doing an MS in Germany?Are the students with an MS in CS allowed to enter an MS in CS program at SJSU?Is it hard to get into EPFL?Is a PhD really worth pursuing in Computer Science?Is it hard to get into University of Minnesota - Twin Cities for an average profile from India?Which are the best universities for online doctoral degrees?Who started/invented the examination system?How is the Computer Science Masters Program at University of Victoria Canada?Can you be awarded a professorship before taking your PhD studies?Why do people get multiple masters degrees?Which involves more intense mathematics in graduate level, EE or CS?Which is a better MBA program overall, IE or IESE?How much will my low AWA score on the GRE hurt my chances of getting into grad school?How doable is completing Georgia Tech's online master's in computer science while working full-time?What's your opinion of the Human Factors in Information Design masters program at Bentley University?What is better in data science certifications or master?Is there a list of graduate neuroscience programs/schools which highlights the research focus of the faculty?What are the best PhD programs that offer research topics in social science statistics?What is the difference between a 3-year PhD and a 4-year PhD from a same university?How do I pay for a PhD program?Is a PhD in CS systems easier than CS theory?What is it like to do a psychology PhD?What is the best study to graduate in Australia?Under which graduate school is humanitarian assistance?What are the benefits of being a Marie Curie PhD student?What is it like to be a PhD student in pharmaceutical science?Is it possible to attain both a Physics and Mathematics Ph.D and how long would it take?What are some good resources for prospective architects in SF?Which are the best graduate programs for computational design?What are your favorite classes at Atlantic University in MA in the transpersonal studies program?What is average time to do MS and PhD in Malaysia in field of engineering?What is Colorado States MBA program reputation?What challenges will an international joint PhD program pose to applicant?How can I decide between medical school and graduate school?What is the acceptance rate at York University?What are some of the benefits of attending graduate school, in the tech industry?Should I do a master in electrical engineering then a PhD in physics or a masters in physics and PhD in physics?Which are the best graduate schools for microbiology?What is your advise to a student who is about to start Master of Science in marketing?What is it like to be in the UW Bothell CS Graduate Certificate program?What is your opinion for going for PhD?Is there some sort of "Kairos Society-like" organization for graduate students? If so, what is it and how can I get involved?What should I study at university? (no subject which requires a PhD)How is the PhD program on Machine Learning and Public Policy at CMU?What is the best advice you could give to an international student studying masters in the United Kingdom?Should I leave graduate school in Moscow to go back to the US for a better education?What are your views about masters in computer science course offered by Balochistan University, Quetta?Why are there so many PhDs?What universities have good doctoral epistemology programs?What are some ideas for an accounting graduation project?Is a PhD degree needed to pursue a career in Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence?To apply for a PHD after finishing your master thesis what is the best thing to do between work in a company and a new research?What would be the problem statement for this topic: text summarization through extraction?What is graduate E&M like? How does it compare to undergraduate E&M?Is soil science PhD a good idea?Is pdeng in process and product design a successful programme in the Netherlands?Do PhD tenured professors in USA become less active?What are some books helpful for an undergraduate considering graduate programs in epidemiology, infectious disease, or public health?Are there CS master¡¯s programs in Europe designed for non-CS majors?What is that one question that bothers you for which there is no definitive answers?What is the feeling that a Ph.D. give a lecture to master students?What is the new PhD topics in HRM?Which are the best regional universities in undergraduate mathematics? Which one prepare you the most for graduate level?How prestigious is the Hong Kong PhD Fellowship offer?How should I email and probably convince a potential supervisor to take me in for my thesis based master?What would you do, if a graduate student of your department asks for some friendly advice?What US universities have fully funded MS programs in engineering?What is minimum word count for a PhD thesis?